hi there left so to begin this style you
want to start off with freshly washed
hair the only thing that I have on my
hair right now is coconut oil I'm going
to use a Denman brush to detangle a
small section of hair and then I'm just
going to grab my favorite butter or
moisturizer and apply it to that section
now this step is optional but I like to
detangle once again now I'm going to
start off the two strands of hair and I
am going to begin a flat and basically a
flat switch is just a two strand twist
where you grab excess hair as you twist
down get back get back you want to make
sure that you swish the hair all the way
down to the ends and once you get to the
end you're going to take a perm rod of
your choice take your raw ends and wrap
them around the perm rod into a spiral
curl and then click the perm rod into
place now I'm going to show you one more
time so go ahead and detangle a section
of hair apply your favorite moisturizers
detangle again which is optional let's
twist all the way down in there twist
the ends of your hair once your hair has
been twisted all the way to the end wrap
the ends around the perm rod rolling it
into a spiral and snapping it into place
now this is what my hair looked like
after I had my whole head this style
does need ample amounts of time to dry
so I would advise that you do it earlier
in the day or sit under a critic dryer
now the next morning it was time for me
to take the perm rods out so what I did
was I first started by unhooking the
prime watch and gently unraveling that
spiral curl especially because my hair
was a bit damaged after the perm rods
are completely out gently unravel the
two strings with trying not to disturb
the curl pad this style is absolutely
amazing for transitioners because it
allows for you to get your ends just as
curly as your roots are when you're
dealing with two different
once you are done feel free to
manipulate the hair giving it more
volume what I'm doing right here is
scratching my roots just to lift them up
and separate the parts after you give
your hair a bit of a shake you are good
to go I hope you enjoyed this video guys
and I will see you later bye